## 2021.2.23 MagicMask v22.0

### RESTORE THE EXISTING MAGICMASK MANAGER BACK TO NORMAL BEFORE UPGRADING IF HIDDEN!

Another major MagicMask release! This time our focus is not the core MagicMask implementation, but rather on improving the whole MagicMask user experience.

### MagicMask Manager is dead.<br>Long live the MagicMask app!

Ever since the first MagicMask release, MagicMask (the core components) and MagicMask Manager (the companion app) are released separately and isn't necessarily always in sync. This leads to some confusion and a lot of complexity when downloading/installing MagicMask through the app. Starting from v22.0, the MagicMask app (renamed from MagicMask Manager) includes everything it needs within the APK itself, making installation a 100% offline process.

Custom recovery lovers, no worries! The MagicMask app APK *itself* is a custom recovery flashable zip, just like MAGIC™🌈. Check out the updated [installation guide](https://topjohnwu.github.io/MagicMask/install.html) for more info.

### App Hiding

Another major breakthrough in this release is that devices lower than Android 9.0 can now also use the advanced app hiding technique to hide the MagicMask app. Due to this incompatible change, **RESTORE THE EXISTING MAGICMASK MANAGER BACK TO NORMAL BEFORE UPGRADING IF HIDDEN!**

### Bug Fixes

- [MagicMaskHide] Fix a bug when stopping MagicMaskHide does not take effect
- [MagicMaskBoot] Fix bug when unpacking `lz4_lg` compressed boot images
- [MagicMaskInit] Support Galaxy S21 series
- [MagicMaskSU] Fix incorrect APEX paths that caused `libsqlite.so` fail to load

### Full Changelog: [here](https://topjohnwu.github.io/MagicMask/changes.html)
